## 														Establish Confidence

​	I used to hate being called upon in class mainly because I did not like attention drawn to myself. And unless otherwise assigned a seat by the teacher, I always choose to sit at the back of the classroom.
​	All this changed after I joined a sports team. It began when a teacher suggested I try out for the basketball team. At first I thought it was a crazy idea because I did not have a good sense of balance, nor did I have the ability to keep pace with the others on the team and they would tease me. But for the teacher who kept insisting on my "going for it", I would not have decided to give a try.
​	Getting up the courage to go to the try out was only the half of it! When first started attending the practice sessions, I did not even know the rules of the game, much less what I was doing. Sometimes I would get confused and take a shot at the wrong direction — which made me feel really stupid. Fortunately, I was not the only one "new" at the game, so I decided to focus on learning the game, do my best at each practice session, and not be too hard on myself for the things I did not know "just yet".
​	I practiced and practiced. Soon I knew the rules and the "moves", Being part of a team was fun and motivating. Very soon the competitive part in me was winning over my lack of confidence. With time, I learned how to play and made friends in the process — friends who respected my efforts to work hard and be a team player. I never had so much fun!
​	With my improved self-confidence comes more praise from teachers and classmates. I have gone from "hiding" in the back of the classroom and not wanting to call attention to myself, to raising my hand — even when I sometimes was not one hundred percent sure I had the right answer. Now I have more self-confidence in myself.